+++
title = "HOME"
date = "2020-06-15T19:57:09+05:30"
draft = false
+++


**We are at a critical pivotal point in humanities history.**

Whether your perspective is spiritual, religious, environmental, scientific, technological, conspiratorial or social we are in unparalleled times.  
During the enforced lockdown there has been a global opportunity to reassess our own lives, what we consider ‘essential’ or what is really important to us, and of course to consider the future humanity is rapidly progressing toward.
 
As you may already be aware, if you have looked behind the curtain of the mainstream media’s propaganda program, what is going on in the world now is way beyond the consideration of Covid-19.  The official news agencies and social media are now limiting free speech at an ever-increasing rate and are ridiculing and vilifying those who challenge the standard narrative as endorsed by official agencies.  We all have a social responsibility to independently research and understand the facts about what is really going on behind the various layers of smokescreen generated to distract us from what is vitally important for us to know.  New ‘Co-vid’ laws, policies and surveillance methods are being pushed through parliament across the board.  They are being put in place in the name of public ‘safety’ but are taking away our basic rights of freedom, free speech, freedom to gather and personal privacy.  

This website is intended to give you a sense of deeper understanding, solidarity and hope that as we join together we grow in strength and our voice can be heard and acknowledged.  It is designed to help you navigate your way through the thicket of fear based misinformation generated by the mainstream media that generally leaves people feeling powerless and compliant.  We aspire to support you in feeling empowered as a sovereign being, part of a vastly growing movement of people who are awake to the fact that a minority of self appointed controllers intend to direct our future for their own means with no regard to our safety and wellbeing.  We are here to help inspire you to be a part of the change, to help you do your own independent research and to spread this information widely amongst your family, friends and neighbours with courage, responsibility and compassion.

Our future liberty, and the world we create from here on in for ourselves, our children and grandchildren depends on our willingness to stand up and make a difference.  If enough people become educated and do not give consent to this plan for our future, then we will be in a strong enough position to tip the balance so that we can globally create the new future of humanity based on true values.
 
Rather than buying into the media hysteria and playing into the psy-op divide and rule agenda, our current situation presents many opportunities.  It is an opportunity for a collective awakening and a redressing of the power imbalance within society.   It is a time like no other, where direct action is necessary, yet it is a time to deepen faith and spiritual practise, a time of prayer, meditation and deep reflection.  It is a time to connect more with one another, to deepen in compassion and to delve deeper into our own true nature and our natural rhythms.  It is a time to strengthen our immune systems naturally and to become strong in ourselves, clear on our perspectives and aspirations, to keep our vibration high, and to not be afraid to stand up for what we believe in.  
 
A beautiful future awaits humanity if we stand together and are proactive in creating that change.  

*Remember apathy is a fools consent.*  
*Courage is infectious.*  

**Become a part of the Solution.**  